Hi, thanks for considering RStudio Server Pro or Shiny Server Pro.
If you're someone who uses the free and open source RStudio IDE,
and possibly the R package of Shiny and RMarkdown along with the free and open source Shiny Server,
or you're an IT colleague of theirs and you're curious to know why companies like those listed at the bottom of our website homepage
upgraded from our free and open source products, you've come to the right place.
So let's get to the heart of it.
For some people, it's as simple as the desire to help us pay for our contributions to the open source R community.
We appreciate that.
For others, it's because your legal advisors would rather you use a commercial license than the AGPL.
Or it's because you'd rather get support directly from us rather than the community alone.
But for many more, it's because your IT team needs visibility into how the IDE and Shiny apps are being used.
Statistics, logs, audits, health checks, and metrics that can roll up into standard reporting systems.
And for the most people, it comes down to features that help you scale your adoption of R and RStudio products.
For example, both RStudio Server Pro and Shiny Server Pro provide security features
that help you fit into your existing identity and data security practices,
and performance features that let you monitor and control the compute resources used by developers and applications.
So there you have it.
All good reasons why people just like you buy RStudio Server Pro and Shiny Server Pro.
Thank you for considering them for your organization.
We hope you'll take a deeper dive into our website now.